hi there car shoppers today going on our
lot Campbell Chrysler 2013 Dodge Charger
superbee srt8 got the 6.4 liter v8 Hemi
engine so that's pretty fast it'll treat
you right here what ails you remember
you have the key fob here it's got
remote start let me tell you with this
thing the exhaust beyond the windows in
this building rattle a little bit here
we'll pop the trunk and take a look in
here yep it has a trunk it's not really
what you want to see though watch see
inside oh we got to unlock it
it's a special seating just for the
superbe this is cloth right here it's
real nice stuff real nice stuff also has
the proximity entry so if you have the
key just on you just chilling in your
pocket or something you can walk up and
hit this and the door will unlock so of
course you have power locks windows
power seats all right so we've got radio
it's a touch screen we have the cruise
control Eva controls you connect paddle
shifters on either side 10 miles on this
bad boy when you remote starter you got
to come in and hit the start button
we've got a little bee fluttering out
there great right alright let's see what
else you little bit of storage container
here you can track a USB or an auxilary
into there hook it up to the radio and
it's about it if you want to see
anything else about this car you can see
it on our website Campbell Chrysler comm
or give us a call three six zero seven
three six three three five three all
right take care